[Cloudflare for SaaS] Updated Overview/Plans and added use cases (#5222)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-saas/_index.md

*   Web Application Firewall (WAF)
*   SSL settings

For more information on these features, refer to [Hostname management](/cloudflare-for-saas/ssl/hostname-specific-behavior/).

## How it works

Through a suite of easy-to-use products, Cloudflare for SaaS routes traffic from custom hostnames to the origin through a fallback domain. As the SaaS provider, you can extend Cloudflare's products to customer-owned custom domains by adding them to your zone [as custom hostnames](/cloudflare-for-saas/ssl/common-tasks/hostname-verification/). Cloudflare for SaaS is highly customizable. Three possible configurations are shown below.

### Standard SSL:

Standard SSL is available on all plans.

![Standard case](/cloudflare-for-saas/static/use-cases/Standard.png)

> ### SSL with Apex Proxying:

Reviewer: Any reason why you spelled `Apex Proxying` instead of `apex proxying`? Is it the product name? If not, please change to `SSL with apex proxying`.

> This allows you to support apex domains even if your customers are using a DNS provider that doesn't allow a CNAME at the apex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to support apex domains even if your customers are using a DNS provider that does not allow a CNAME at the apex.
```

Reviewer: We don't use contractions :)

![Advanced case](/cloudflare-for-saas/static/use-cases/Advanced.png)

### SSL with BYOIP:

> This allows you to support apex domains even if your customers are using a DNS provider that doesn't allow a CNAME at the apex. Also, you can point to your own IPs if you want to bring an IP range to Cloudflare (instead of Cloudflare provided IPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to support apex domains even if your customers are using a DNS provider that does not allow a CNAME at the apex. Also, you can point to your own IPs if you want to bring an IP range to Cloudflare (instead of Cloudflare provided IPs).
```
